docs: add third-party storage docs (#728)
harvester/docs: docs/vm/create-vm.md

| cd-rom | This type will expose the volume as a cd-rom drive to the VM. It is read-only by default. |

A volume's [StorageClass](../advanced/storageclass.md) can be specified when adding a new empty volume; for other volumes (such as VM images), the `StorageClass` is defined during image creation.

> If using third-party storage, make sure you choose the correct `StorageClass` and `volumeMode` for the volume. e.g., StorageClass with the NFS storage should use the `Filesystem` volumeMode.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are using external storage, ensure that the correct **StorageClass** and **Volume Mode** are selected. For example, a volume with the **nfs-csi** StorageClass must use the **Filesystem** volume mode.
```

> Since the third-partry storage is supported, you can select the corresponding `StorageClass` and `volumeMode` for the volume. e.g., StorageClass with the NFS storage should use the `Filesystem` volumeMode.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If using third-party storage, make sure you choose the correct `StorageClass` and `volumeMode` for the volume. e.g., StorageClass with the NFS storage should use the `Filesystem` volumeMode.
```
